If you often e-mail the same
group of people, for example
your team at work, instead of
having to Create an e-mail and
adding each person as a
recipient individually each
time, you can create a contact
group.
So you'll only need to type the
groups name to e-mail everyone
in that group.
To do this in Microsoft Outlook,
start by going to your contacts
by clicking the People button
here in the navigation bar and
with the Home tab selected,
click the arrow next to New
Contact and choose Contact
Group.
In this window that opens, enter
a name for the group.
I'll call this Staff Instructors
to include everyone on my team.
Then click Add Members.
From here you can choose to add
existing contacts.
You have an outlook from your
address book or you can choose
New e-mail Contact to manually
enter contact information For
this examle I'll choose from
Outlook Contacts and from here I
can DoubleClick the names of the
people in my contacts that I
want to add to this group.
Once I'm done there, I can click
OK you can see they've been
added here and I can click save
and close.
O Now anytime I want to send an
e-mail to all three of those
contacts, I can just create a
new e-mail and in the 2 field
start typing.
Staff instructors select it and
this e-mail will be sent to
everyone in this group.